README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://beeware.org/project/projects/applications/podium/podium.png
    :width: 72px
    :target: https://beeware.org/project/projects/applications/podium

Podium
======

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/podium.svg
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/podium

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/podium.svg
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/podium

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/status/podium.svg
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/podium

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/l/podium.svg
    :target: https://github.com/beeware/podium/blob/master/LICENSE

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/beeware/podium.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/beeware/podium

.. image:: https://badges.gitter.im/beeware/general.svg
    :target: https://gitter.im/beeware/general


A markup-based slide presentation tool.

Why?
----

Developers go to conferences. And when they do, they need slide decks.

Unfortunately, while presentation tools like `Keynote`_ and `PowerPoint`_
are great for business presentations, they aren't well suited to the
needs of developers. The mainstay of developer presentations -- code
samples -- are generally painful to add to a Keynote presentation.

These presentation tools also come from a WYSIWYG (What You See Is What You
Get) tradition. This can be powerful, because it makes it easy to put
anything you want onto a slide. But it can also be painful, because you
end up spending all your time pushing pixels into the right place, instead
of focussing on the content of your talk. And if you want to make a style
change, you may need to apply that change manually to every slide. The lessons
of separating content from markup can't be applied to a WYSIWYG world.

On top of all that, the document formats for Keynote and Powerpoint are
binary blobs -- they don't lend themselves to version control, collaborative
editing, and so on.

The developer response to this has been to use HTML5. Recent years have seen
the development of a number of HTML-based presentation tools, like prezi_,
`deck.js`_, `keydown`_ and `showoff`_. These tools exploit the power of HTML5
to make full screen presentations.

However, by using browser technology as the basis for these tools, they miss
one very important feature of WYSIWYG presentation tools: presenter mode.
One of the big features of Keynote and Powerpoint is that they aren't just
decks of slides -- they have presenter notes and timing tools, and the
display shown to the audience isn't the same as the display shown to the
presenter. Web-based presentation tools are often missing presenter mode.

Or, if they *do* have a presenter mode, they rely on you being able to
independently resize two separate web browsers, and they won't provide any
assistance in hiding all the browser toolbars, menus, titlebars, and so on.
This can be done, but it's awkward.

Many of these tools are also online-only. They assume that you have a good WiFi
connection, and will be able to display your content live off the internet...
which if you've ever been to a developer conference, you'll know is a risky
proposition.

Podium attempts to bridge the gap between these two poles. It is comprised of:

* A simple, text-based markup format, focussed on the needs of developer
  presentations.
* A graphical presentation tool that has a presenter display independent of
  the slide display.

.. _prezi: http://prezi.com
.. _deck.js: http://imakewebthings.com/deck.js/
.. _keydown: https://github.com/infews/keydown
.. _showoff: https://github.com/drnic/showoff

Quickstart
----------

Use `Briefcase`_ to package this repository as a standalone application:

* **macOS** run `python setup.py macos`

From here, launch Podium and open the ``examples/example.podium`` sample deck.

This will open up 2 GUI windows, displaying a test pattern as the first slide.
Controls from here are keyboard based:

* CMD-P - Enter presentation mode; or, if in presentation mode, Pause timer
* Esc - Exit presentation mode
* CMD-Tab - Switch displays
* Right/Left arrows - Next/previous slide
* Down/Up arrows - Next/previous slide
* Enter - Next slide
* Home/End - first/last slide
* CMD-A - Switch aspect ratio between 16:9 and 4:3
* CMD-R - Reload slide deck
* CMD-T - Reset timer

An example slide deck can be found in the `examples` directory of this
repository.

Debugging
---------

If you need to debug the CSS for a slide, you may want to use the "inspect
element" feature of the webview. You may need to enable manually enable the
feature at an operating system level:

* **macOS**: at a terminal prompt, run
  `defaults write NSGlobalDomain WebKitDeveloperExtras -bool true`

Documentation
-------------

Documentation for Podium can be found on `Read The Docs`_.

Community
---------

Podium is part of the `BeeWare suite`_. You can talk to the community through:

* `@pybeeware on Twitter`_

* The `beeware/general`_ channel on Gitter.

We foster a welcoming and respectful community as described in our
`BeeWare Community Code of Conduct`_.

Contributing
------------

If you experience problems with Podium, `log them on GitHub`_. If you
want to contribute code, please `fork the code`_ and `submit a pull request`_.

.. _BeeWare suite: https://beeware.org/
.. _Keynote: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Keynote_(presentation_software)
.. _PowerPoint: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_PowerPoint
.. _Briefcase: https://github.com/beeware/briefcase
.. _Read The Docs: https://podium-app.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
.. _@pybeeware on Twitter: https://twitter.com/pybeeware
.. _beeware/general: https://gitter.im/beeware/general
.. _BeeWare Community Code of Conduct: https://beeware.org/community/behavior/
.. _log them on Github: https://github.com/beeware/podium/issues
.. _fork the code: https://github.com/beeware/podium
.. _submit a pull request: https://github.com/beeware/podium/pulls

Commit message:

Added notes for building on Linux.

README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://beeware.org/project/projects/applications/podium/podium.png
    :width: 72px
    :target: https://beeware.org/project/projects/applications/podium

Podium
======

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/podium.svg
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/podium

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/podium.svg
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/podium

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/status/podium.svg
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/podium

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/l/podium.svg
    :target: https://github.com/beeware/podium/blob/master/LICENSE

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/beeware/podium.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/beeware/podium

.. image:: https://badges.gitter.im/beeware/general.svg
    :target: https://gitter.im/beeware/general


A markup-based slide presentation tool.

Why?
----

Developers go to conferences. And when they do, they need slide decks.

Unfortunately, while presentation tools like `Keynote`_ and `PowerPoint`_
are great for business presentations, they aren't well suited to the
needs of developers. The mainstay of developer presentations -- code
samples -- are generally painful to add to a Keynote presentation.

These presentation tools also come from a WYSIWYG (What You See Is What You
Get) tradition. This can be powerful, because it makes it easy to put
anything you want onto a slide. But it can also be painful, because you
end up spending all your time pushing pixels into the right place, instead
of focussing on the content of your talk. And if you want to make a style
change, you may need to apply that change manually to every slide. The lessons
of separating content from markup can't be applied to a WYSIWYG world.

On top of all that, the document formats for Keynote and Powerpoint are
binary blobs -- they don't lend themselves to version control, collaborative
editing, and so on.

The developer response to this has been to use HTML5. Recent years have seen
the development of a number of HTML-based presentation tools, like prezi_,
`deck.js`_, `keydown`_ and `showoff`_. These tools exploit the power of HTML5
to make full screen presentations.

However, by using browser technology as the basis for these tools, they miss
one very important feature of WYSIWYG presentation tools: presenter mode.
One of the big features of Keynote and Powerpoint is that they aren't just
decks of slides -- they have presenter notes and timing tools, and the
display shown to the audience isn't the same as the display shown to the
presenter. Web-based presentation tools are often missing presenter mode.

Or, if they *do* have a presenter mode, they rely on you being able to
independently resize two separate web browsers, and they won't provide any
assistance in hiding all the browser toolbars, menus, titlebars, and so on.
This can be done, but it's awkward.

Many of these tools are also online-only. They assume that you have a good WiFi
connection, and will be able to display your content live off the internet...
which if you've ever been to a developer conference, you'll know is a risky
proposition.

Podium attempts to bridge the gap between these two poles. It is comprised of:

* A simple, text-based markup format, focussed on the needs of developer
  presentations.
* A graphical presentation tool that has a presenter display independent of
  the slide display.

.. _prezi: http://prezi.com
.. _deck.js: http://imakewebthings.com/deck.js/
.. _keydown: https://github.com/infews/keydown
.. _showoff: https://github.com/drnic/showoff

Quickstart
----------

Use `Briefcase`_ to package this repository as a standalone application.
Install briefcase using `pip install briefcase`, then:

* **macOS** Run::

      $ python setup.py macos
      $ open macOS/Podium.app

  This app file can also be copied into your Applications folder.

* **Linux** Run::

     $ python setup.py linux
     $ ./linux/Podium

A sample slide deck has been provided in the ``examples`` folder of this
repository.

If you open this deck, you'll see 2 GUI windows, displaying a test pattern as
the first slide. Controls from here are keyboard based:

* CMD-P - Enter presentation mode; or, if in presentation mode, Pause timer
* Esc - Exit presentation mode
* CMD-Tab - Switch displays
* Right/Left arrows - Next/previous slide
* Down/Up arrows - Next/previous slide
* Enter - Next slide
* Home/End - first/last slide
* CMD-A - Switch aspect ratio between 16:9 and 4:3
* CMD-R - Reload slide deck
* CMD-T - Reset timer

An example slide deck can be found in the `examples` directory of this
repository.

Debugging
---------

If you need to debug the CSS for a slide, you may want to use the "inspect
element" feature of the webview. You may need to enable manually enable the
feature at an operating system level:

* **macOS**: at a terminal prompt, run
  `defaults write NSGlobalDomain WebKitDeveloperExtras -bool true`

Documentation
-------------

Documentation for Podium can be found on `Read The Docs`_.

Community
---------

Podium is part of the `BeeWare suite`_. You can talk to the community through:

* `@pybeeware on Twitter`_

* The `beeware/general`_ channel on Gitter.

We foster a welcoming and respectful community as described in our
`BeeWare Community Code of Conduct`_.

Contributing
------------

If you experience problems with Podium, `log them on GitHub`_. If you
want to contribute code, please `fork the code`_ and `submit a pull request`_.

.. _BeeWare suite: https://beeware.org/
.. _Keynote: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Keynote_(presentation_software)
.. _PowerPoint: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_PowerPoint
.. _Briefcase: https://github.com/beeware/briefcase
.. _Read The Docs: https://podium-app.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
.. _@pybeeware on Twitter: https://twitter.com/pybeeware
.. _beeware/general: https://gitter.im/beeware/general
.. _BeeWare Community Code of Conduct: https://beeware.org/community/behavior/
.. _log them on Github: https://github.com/beeware/podium/issues
.. _fork the code: https://github.com/beeware/podium
.. _submit a pull request: https://github.com/beeware/podium/pulls
