docs/internals/contributing.rst, before:

Contributing to Podium
======================


If you experience problems with Podium, `log them on GitHub`_. If you want to contribute code, please `fork the code`_ and `submit a pull request`_.

.. _log them on Github: https://github.com/pybee/podium/issues
.. _fork the code: https://github.com/pybee/podium
.. _submit a pull request: https://github.com/pybee/podium/pulls


Setting up your development environment
---------------------------------------

The recommended way of setting up your development envrionment for Podium
is to install a virtual environment, install the required dependencies and
start coding. Assuming that you are using ``virtualenvwrapper``, you only have
to run::

    $ git clone git@github.com:pybee/podium.git
    $ cd podium
    $ mkvirtualenv podium

Podium uses ``unittest`` (or ``unittest2`` for Python < 2.7) for its own test
suite as well as additional helper modules for testing. To install all the
requirements for Podium, you have to run the following commands within your
virutal envrionment::

    $ pip install -e .
    $ pip install -r requirements_dev.txt

In case you are running a python version ``< 2.7`` please use the
``requirements_dev.py26.txt`` instead because ``unittest2`` is not part
of the standard library for these version.

Now you are ready to start hacking! Have fun!

Commit message:

Docs: contributors guide (#26)
* Removed unused rubicon imports.

* Add "linux" platform option.

* Add toga-gtk and toga-cocoa backends.

* Update setup.py backends versions.

* Remove extra_requires.

* Docs: contributors guide clarification and typos.

* Docs: update contribution guide.

docs/internals/contributing.rst, after:

Contributing to Podium
======================


If you experience problems with Podium, `log them on GitHub`_. If you want to contribute code,
please `fork the code`_ and `submit a pull request`_.

.. _log them on Github: https://github.com/pybee/podium/issues
.. _fork the code: https://github.com/pybee/podium
.. _submit a pull request: https://github.com/pybee/podium/pulls


Setting up your development environment
---------------------------------------

Install prerequisites
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Podium requires Toga_ (A Python native, OS native GUI toolkit).
Follow the instructions to install `Toga Prerequisites`_ for your operating system.

Setup virtual environment and install Podium
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The recommended way of setting up your development environment for Podium
is to create a virtual environment, install Podium in development mode into
your virtual environment and start coding.
Assuming that you are using ``virtualenvwrapper``, you only have to run::

    $ git clone https://github.com/beeware/podium.git
    $ cd podium
    $ mkvirtualenv podium
    $ pip install -e .


Podium uses ``unittest`` for its own test suite as well as additional helper
modules for testing.

Now you are ready to start hacking! Have fun!

.. _Toga: https://github.com/beeware/toga
.. _Toga Prerequisites: https://github.com/beeware/toga#prerequisites
